hey guys what is up my name is sarah d
tree welcome to another episode of the
creative exchange today I have Akilah
Hughes there's a great friend of mine I
was just trying to describe what you are
you are so many dashes yeah yeah
youtuber internet personnel yeah writer
writer yes I mean at some point so
you're writing yeah yeah it'll come out
sometime like this time next year
probably I don't have to come back for
some book promo podcast literally it's
gonna be me like yeah let me just read a
passage well no so you said it's like
some funny stories yeah yeah you have a
funny story you can tell us oh yeah I
mean this will be longer in the book but
um people always wonder why I hate
raccoons because they're very cute and
like you see them and people are like
they're great why would you have a
problem with him like because they
tunneled into my house when I was in
high school and died in the walls and we
had to move we had to leave our it
smelled so bad
and it was the hottest summer ever see
we just come home and I just feel like
I'm literally gonna die like I'm going
to die and like when they tunneled in
like one of them got into the house so
we all just had to run out it was just
like in the house my sister screamed
downstairs we packed our stuff
and we like I am so sorry you have that
experience and yeah Coons I mean they're
cute but they're cute when they're
outside
that's real yeah oh my make my mom
really bitter to like anytime we were
like in if I'm in her car if I go home
to visit she will like if she sees
raccoons you will like try to hit it she
would she would say she is it but I've
seen her you know it's tough so there's
a lot you know I think so I look forward
to more story yeah
raccoon exactly I mean you've lived in
New York for a while so do you have any
my stories oh the first the first
apartment that I ever had in this
freaking city is that I had a mice
infestation it wasn't pretty guys did
you okay so I'm not sure if I have
here's why like I hurt I think there's
one scratching in my wall now and like
that one's getting in for sure at some
point and I'm just waiting like it's
just like oh here's got except yeah I
could just death come and
but there was a time I had the flu like
two years ago
and I thought I saw and I was like maybe
I'm hallucinating but I saw as like a
shadow
run across like under the TV so I threw
Vicks VapoRub on it not sponsored that's
not what its way and it ran back but I
never saw it again
oh my goodness well that's better yeah I
was terrified yeah anything better than
a live mouse with a dead mouse or
invisible one yeah I remember your
videos about it I felt so good I feel
like it was a whole series on my channel
playlist just like my story yeah got a
rough go of it at first I knew at that
apartment with a bad omen yeah yeah it
was right by Penn Station and you know
you say Penn Station and to a tourist
you're like oh that's where all
everything happens but to a person who
lives in New York people get like sad
for ya oh hi Penn Station I'm so sorry
but I wanted to know like I want to
learn more about you ya know did you
grow up in the Northeast like no were
you born raised what did you have mom
dad brother sister yeah um so yeah I'm
from Kentucky originally so South ish
yeah I mean I considered this outfit
lots of people say it's the Midwest and
yeah I'm the youngest of four so that's
cool and I like it I mean I have one
brother two sisters and oh I mean yeah
mom dad Kentucky yeah honestly I didn't
expect Kentucky I know I'd like I really
shed that accent like it's it's been oh
six years in May okay yeah okay so I
I've heard that you can call yourself in
New Yorker after ten years yeah that's
what everyone keeps telling me and I'm
like am I gonna make you like are you
gonna make it you're in a yeah do you
like LA okay a la verse New York
feelings Greer a writer yeah I do
entertainment business yeah the people
are there yeah you know but LA I'm like
I love New York so much I can't even
begin to think about looks right like I
think it's a great place to visit but
it's just too like
me and maybe you felt this way I know
you're from Texas and like a cool suburb
I've seen the house I've seen your mom
yeah but like yeah it's like it feels
very suburban there in a way that New
York never has and I'm like that's what
I'm trying to like like I had a long run
of suburbs you know like I'm ready to
live with the people it's such a bubble
that suburb life yeah
New York is so different and crazy you
never know what you're gonna get real
step on the streets you know mice might
attack you but all the people are great
the energy is good there's such a
spectrum yet people so how did you get
into video and just storytelling in
general um so storytelling was something
that I just I like was always drawn to
like I won some weird puppet contests in
fifth grade like I'd write an original
story and the whole class had to but
like if you won this puppet like theater
would perform it in the whole school got
to go and my teacher was such a hater
she didn't want me to win and like her
face when she had to announce that I was
like I was like eat it eat it Miss Mary
exactly and so that was like the
beginning but you know video I was in
college when YouTube started um it was
my freshman year actually and I just
went to a boring college it was like a
small liberal arts school in Kentucky
like 2,000 kids
it's called Berea until this year oh my
god do it like it was eight years ago
but yeah and I remember we were just
bored and so we made a ton of videos
there was no strategy back then so it
was like they weren't all on the same
channel just whoever had the fastest
Wi-Fi Michael you upload it whatever and
like we had this weird following on
campus we're like people like quote our
videos like we would be walking like oh
it is ah I mean so many stupid ones but
there is one line which is just Dallas
style and like just like scream it when
we came in and I'm like yeah we're
famous here we're so close dollar store
but you don't have to say like that
aside the og Liza Co she yeah now she's
all about the dollar store
like you can do it this is her merch
yeah what's good wearing it I'm wearing
Eliza Koshi merch it says I am watching
content I think that is kind of the
story of our lives we're watching
content we're making content content
yeah I hate that word yeah it makes me
feel bad so it started in college like
mess around with your friends yeah did
you do scripted content yeah it was a
lot of scripts it was a like and our
shoots went on forever and they look so
bad so it's like what were we doing for
10 out it's what was that we had props
we had like a list of things we I like
had castings like I was so serious but
we just like would shoot every like six
months cuz no one knew like how to be
good at YouTube yeah and then it's sort
of like I'm I went to playlist live
I met adonde Suzy who I love straining
and he was like you just need to make
stuff regularly and like it's great I'm
killing it I want to say 2012 so six
years ago it's wild Wow and so it
started there did you start
collaborating with other youtubers or
how did you start getting traction in
the beginning okay so because this is
2012 it's a different yes totally
different game
um I did like so we had video responses
so I would do a lot of those which
explained to the people what that is
yeah like for all you kids out there who
do that era basically what would happen
is like you would if you posted a video
somebody would like there was an option
to click underneath to make a video
response which I think they survive it
yes
and so then you record your video and
like or you just upload a video but it
shows up under their video that's like
as it says like so you're like you just
lumped in with their content so it was a
good way to sort of game the system back
then and so it was a strategy yeah it
was a strategy and what it wasn't like
illegal in any way it's the way to do it
but um the Gregory Brothers had that hit
song Bed Intruder and I covered it on
ukulele as a video response and they
link to it and like pointed to it in
their video or whatever and so that was
like the first time I have mojo ho
part of your yes yes there's my faves
they're so great yeah
so okay that's so cool to note because
it truly was a different time yesin but
something that sticks out to me in your
videos is they're really good quality
every time I watch one of your videos
the person you know that I am those
cameras and stuff I'm automatically like
what is her camera what is she shooting
this on what is her lighting why does it
look so amazing because usually my stuff
is more like run-and-gun
it's more like documentary style or like
I just turn on the camera I don't think
about right but you can tell that yours
are very thought-out and they're amazing
and there is one selfishly I want to ask
what is your go-to do you have like a
filmmaker friend come over with a fancy
camera do you have a fancy camera like
what is your process to make a youtube
video so something that people don't
tend to know about me and my channel is
that I have like a channel partner my
friend Tim who like we've made stuff
together since 2013 and like he's just
like he's like you he loves cameras he
wants to always have the best video if I
choose to make like a vlog one week he's
like it looks like he's so mean and I'm
like I don't think it's that bad I could
tell looks just like shitty and I'm like
oh I hope you all complete me yes what's
up that's what's up and he M he has
always been like a head of like the game
for me cuz I have no clue I just I'm no
cameras through photography that's what
I sort of did but he has like all the
equipment so I just go to his apartment
of film and he shoots with a Blackmagic
Ursa mini yeah and I think he's using I
mean he's a few different lenses but
he's a big fan of the Sigma art lenses
which several yeah they're beautiful
yeah that's I used to shoot on a black
magic I had the little one early yeah
that one's good he's ever like if we
need multiple set yeah the Blackmagic
pocket Cinema Camera in I don't like
that I hated myself during this time but
I learned a lot I shot raw oh wow so
super flat profile but so many stops of
dynamic range
I'm eeen those cameras are sharp they
look amazing and so I had two of those
in action
like record wedding weddings a little
bit which like Blackmagic great cameras
but they're finicky yes isn't that great
it's like crowdsource yeah yes like I
literally shot one wedding with that and
it was Blackmagic cameras are
interesting mm-hmm they look great
yes they're not the best right for
people who are just doing like casual
YouTube like one person right but if you
have that dynamic of another person
behind the camera yes that's cool okay
that's satiated yeah so how did you meet
your Tim yes they enter Tim why did you
meet everybody out there I can get at
Tim one day after yeah so my Tim we
actually met at playlist live it was
what's that the same year no this was
2013 it was very later after for the
people who don't know a playlist live is
kind of like a VidCon it's a big
convention where a bunch of YouTube
losers go yeah well I used to be losers
but now it's for the cool yeah yeah but
it's basically just a big convention
yeah for you too mm-hmm that's right and
so he was there shooting something for
fuse Network the music Network cuz he
that's his background - he was like one
of those people that's good at
everything he does like he does like
five times but he's excellent and I'm
like I hate you I have a piano and what
do I do that like I just like babe like
every morning I'm like I'm and he's just
great and so I actually met him because
I was I had a crush on this boy that was
the guy who was hosting for fuse and so
we were hanging out a lot Tim was just
really nice to them when we came back to
the city because that's in Orlando and
we started hanging out more and he's
like oh you wanna hang out - look yeah
and Tim sort of let it slip he's like I
just want to make movies and I'm like I
just want to make movies in front
exactly I'm like I'll write it and be in
it if you just like make sure it looks
good exactly so you you've always liked
the whole like script and set up the
shot yeah
think it through where did kind of that
writing bone come from yeah I mean I
think for me it was just like I was
really interested in um well I don't
know I've read a lot of books when I was
younger and I I didn't start reading
scripts until I was in college but I
remember thinking like oh like
especially all those em this is such a
like that
together thought so let me just you know
yeah bramble but you know those essay
videos about like really good filmmaking
have you seen any of them because I will
jump oh like let's turn the screenplay
yes
and like every frame a painting yeah
yeah I almost supported him on patreon
but I forgot what happened but I
remember Chloe I did know I remember
going to his patreon page after I watch
like an amazing videos it's so my gosh
those are the type of channels who can
only afford to make like one video a
month writers are so good it looks so
well sure you're like a person who
studies like those fans oh yeah I like
I'm one of those people who loves going
to the movies and like just figuring out
like I I do like extra work when I'm at
the movies like some people get to go
and relax and enjoy it and I'm like how
do I get that shot though like how did
they do that because I want to do that
because I I started to watch what was
defenders on Netflix and because I just
finished Jessica Jones I was obsessed
with it I was like how do I get more
Jessica Jones
i watch defenders but honestly the
angles in that show mm-hmm I
they were so distracting yeah yeah they
were like all of the shots were like a
person was talking to another person
they would basically like put them in
the corner together and then there would
be so much space and like they had so
many like crooked angles and things that
I was almost getting like nauseous
watching yeah and like honestly it
wouldn't be normal for someone to sit
there and be like oh that bothers me
right like you just said sometimes
you're just like you know you're always
so curious about great and others doing
things and sometimes it's distracting
it's like oh I can't watch this yeah
these camera angles are insane yeah not
like you know good not in like a lollol
and way which is every shot in that
movie I was just like how did they do
this yeah you know yeah I definitely
think that like being on YouTube and
like when you're editing your own stuff
or like when you're watching a lot of
like other people who like you consider
your peers it's like you pick up one
stuff like oh that's like out of focus
or like she didn't mean like he just
becomes super hyper aware because people
will tell you in your comments you are
oh I know I know I was
first time that I ever used the gh five
the autofocus sucks and so the first two
minutes of the videos just completely
out of focus but I knew that yeah it
tore me apart in the Edit so I put a lot
of Bureau over it and stuff but still
there were shots and so going into it
you know I just got to post it yeah you
just got to make some in you post it and
then in the comments they're like you I
expected more of you I let you down I
think is that's that's a part of YouTube
that's hard is it's one thing to get the
trollee comments yeah it's another thing
when people actually say like truthful
yeah they're like no my bra strap was
showing I like there was lipstick on my
teeth a little like oh it's bad do you
have any moments on YouTube that you're
just like I wish that never happened or
you know like uh why did I even post
that or oh there's definitely some
moments where just like younger Sarah
you know I you Instagram story something
where I think it was the ukulele yeah I
was so cute then but I didn't realize I
had no idea let's pivot to a new yeah
question actually it's like that's
something that I could relate to is when
you are in the zone and you're creating
your stuff it's really easy to be
insecure about your own work because
you're so in it you're comparing
yourself to other people and you're just
like so in it but then you look back
maybe a year ago six years ago yeah I
was killing it yes look at look at me
exactly like did you now do you do
something to kind of like be in the
moment and look at things be like okay
I'm doing okay like I'm happy I think I
do is like every so often I try to go
back and watch videos from like a year
ago and I remember being like so
stressed out and be like oh this sucks
it's not doing well or like you know
whatever like this thing you're like oh
right like this should have a billion
exactly and then I'm and and then I
watch it in him like this is really
impressive and good and like I should be
mad that people didn't watch it but like
instead of that like upset feeling I'm
always surprised that I was able to make
something I was proud of and like it's
super rare when I go back and watch
videos where I'm like that was so
terrible like I should have never posted
I'm always like wow like I can't believe
I did that
like that's like a lot of time yeah and
your stuff is good it's quality so how
do you balance the platform that you're
on being so thirsty for quantity yeah
that is my biggest struggle I'm sure
everyone who watches my videos would be
like yeah I don't watch them regularly
because they're not regulated we see
them every like three months um yeah
it's been really hard and I think there
have been like spurts in my you know in
the way that is like having a youtube
career where I was like super dedicated
twice a week we're posting twice a week
and it's like going great and you know
you see the growth on your channel you
see all the people interacting but then
you realize like oh I'm so tired and
rundown that like I don't even know what
I worth it right so you don't have any
time to do anything else yeah and then
like I I mean I think you probably
relate but like part of the magic of
like what like the reason why I think
people like our content not the only
reason but one big reason is that it
feels original and fresh and in it's
like influenced by other people being in
it and like you know feeling like you
have a life and when your life is
YouTube it gets hello meta yeah and it
just it's it gets so competitive for
disasters right and I I just remember so
many times being like yeah all the best
comedy stuff that I've done on my
youtube channel came from like working
somewhere and liked ah having a
conversation with somebody or like going
to dinner with a friend and so it is
hard to like you know make those kinds
of sacrifices because I do think it
helps in the long run in terms of
creativity because you're drawing
inspiration from real life which is
relatable exactly I think something
especially with vlogging yes is you get
so in a cycle of waking out grabbing
your camera and just filming whatever
comes at you yeah that it becomes you
know like what I said I met a mess and
you're not going out of your way in
creating yeah which can get to you yeah
he has a person who
loves that process of what am I gonna do
today I want it to I want to think of an
idea right yeah someone who I'm a big
fan of Gary Vaynerchuk
yes document not create yeah but I think
I think that philosophy is good for like
the business man or woman yes who has a
filmer right and wants to show like the
behind the scenes of their life but
they're not responsible for right I
think us as creators yeah I feel like
it's our duty to take something from
real life and create something inspiring
or and raining from it yeah I absolutely
agree and I think that like you know
those are the really human moments is
when you see somebody in you're like oh
my god like they're out on the street
some crazy thing happens now they're
getting footage of it but like your take
on it is so much better and it's like if
you're editing all day or you're like
you know beating yourself up about
something that went wrong and so you're
like defensively responding to comments
like you just lose so much of that and
so part of the reason why like I always
have wanted to vlog I always have I
think it's so cool that you do it and
like I I worry that I don't leave my
house enough like people are like you're
a shut-in and like a hoarders I feel
that I okay most of the time when I go
outside and be social yeah is for of it
yeah to be honest I got done with
travelling for a month and a half and I
haven't left my apartment until this
moment it's nice it's really nice to say
it is and it also feels like it's a
waste of energy if you're like not
documenting it you know didn't mean like
it creates this weird thing where it's
like it's life real if you're not like
taking pictures for your Instagram
because yeah I only want to go to events
where I'm like that's a good picture for
my Instagram how do you feel about that
is that something you're okay with cuz
me I'm very much so self aware of the
world we live in
and I understand that I am a content
creator for my job yeah and I like it
yeah it's fun for me so I don't mind
like going on a vacation yeah where
you're exposed to like unplug yeah but
you're
but I'm actually like documenting it
it's fun for me and that's almost more
of a vacation or maybe I don't edit
right but I'm still filming yeah and
getting all the footage still
experiencing it because that's super fun
so do you have a thing cuz I feel like
in the news every day there's yeah
there's something about uh teenagers are
dying because they're on their cell
phone and I'm like no that's just not
real I mean literally like if any other
time period had like the technology to
not stare and talk at the parents whole
faith they would have used it like read
newspaper amen their their heads were
down exactly yeah there were so many
things I mean I feel like you know uh I
think that the reason why I enjoy video
and I will I love you know Instagram is
because I am a very visual person I
think I mean our generation is pretty
visual that's how we learned but like I
I think that you know designing things
with the explicit purpose of like people
will post this isn't bad
like I even when I'm decorating my
apartment I'm like if I don't ever want
to see this like if I don't see this in
a picture then it's not good enough to
even like you don't want a bunch of crap
so I like it
i I do also enjoy though like there are
very specific things in society where
like you still can't really be on your
phone or like document except for it's
like you're at a movie and yeah that's
fine I'll go to a movie if I really want
to be like that person or like take a
walk around the block but right my phone
is great relationship like if it was
really like you could go out in nature
for a hundred days or you could like
have a limit like the fastest Wi-Fi be
like will the earth still be there after
the hundred days that's part of the
excitement too is that you get to share
it with Beaton right
and you create you whether you have a
hundred followers or a hundred thousand
followers yes you get to see the
feedback you're living life with way
more people than ever before which is
crazy although I feel like there's a
stat where it's like you don't you can
only have a hundred and fifty true
connections or something I don't know I
read an art like I'm buddies with
everybody
I bring so much stuff and it just goes
like through one yeah I know I just
remember headlines literally say my
place very bad for like podcasting can
people be like oh I heard on the
creative exchange that XYZ units just
completely false
yeah honestly my first thought was I
don't have I feel like I don't have a
hundred and fifty true connection oh
yeah would you consider yourself an
introvert even though because you
animate a person yes I I think we like
are on the same level in terms of one
more places yes where it's it's yeah
it's fun you can be around you meet
people exactly we can meet people but
then we need that time alone so like i
recharge by being alone and that's why
I'm so good at sitting down and editing
for twelve months so would you consider
yourself like a inch for expert ambivert
yeah I definitely think that I'm for
sure in every word because that there
are those days were like I I'm one of
those creatures that just like loves
being home in in my own company but I do
like recharge sometimes by getting out
like and it does feel like a struggle
sometimes where my friends like come on
it could be so important like is it like
is it gonna like is there food is there
a place to sit like is it my house like
that's a great question do you have any
Netflix shows that have your attention
right now I mean okay so this is like a
multi-tiered question because like
there's shows that I'm watching now but
then they're also like my real watch
yeah i rewatch Bojack horseman every
late so much about that show it's
excellent it is everything to me it's so
good they made a joke about Bojack
horseman on Atlanta last week and I was
like that is like my two favorite shows
I can't watch Atlanta cuz I don't have
cable oh it's fine oh I listened to
childish can be you know that my hope I
mean so he's so everything yeah he's
doing everything how do you be in Star
Wars and then
don't show Lion King yeah he's cast as
Simba in the live-action ranking
opposite Beyonce next year these
workouts are literally I didn't workout
today it's just a that's right it's the
estatic he's like I'm the opposite of
dog he worked out today I have a
guarantee show Bojack horseman Atlanta
um on Netflix like what have I been
watching a lot of oh I mean they have so
many new shows all the time now I just
binge watch love okay which eye I see
that belief oh okay yeah it's just not
for me I mean I literally I watch it
because Judd Apatow is like you know
comedy royalty and I'm like I should at
least know what's out there you know
what's getting bought um but I'm just
like you know it was fine it was like a
cool three seasons they ended it and I
think that they were like ready to be
done with the show I watched Jessica
Jones which was great I loved it yeah I
was I slept on the first season for like
a year and a half like I didn't realize
that it was a thing to care I kind of
like the second season more yeah I
thought I don't want to give too much
away
yeah no spoilers but I think the the arc
of the story was so interesting yeah
because in the first half you didn't
even know who that real villain was
right you know so they were like solving
these things and but you didn't have
because I feel like usually how shows go
like 13 episode shows you kind of get
introduced to the villain you know yeah
you know and then they started but it
was so interesting how there was kind of
all of these like different tree limbs
yes like suspense it was so good I liked
it I liked Marvel's - black panther oh
my god yeah I saw it
yeah I know better friends if you're
listening to this I know you're not need
to come visit your office I still have
been in his office
he's right down he's literally done he's
better there right now we should go
crash absolutely do that
you know we should do that I would feel
so much better with you yeah I would I
would do it so quickly and he'd be like
no selfie
I'd like to call the real
yes like a dog just starts chasing us
yeah oh my god what are you talking
about like me yes I saw Katie yeah and I
saw it again a week later sign already
bought tickets before I knew that we
were gonna go and I mean I don't know if
there was like a better time but I like
him the first time I was so excited that
I feel like I missed a lot yeah second
time I was like oh this is like a great
film like this is like I love the Dark
Knight I quoted almost every day people
think I'm crazy but it like it is it is
like the movie of our dinner everyone
knows what I'm referencing when I
reference at agnate like any part of it
but like I feel like it's like on that
level where it's like I mean obviously
totally different villains totally
different like storylines but like the
storytelling just feels so strong and
important and like I don't know you're
weighing like truth versus evil versus
yeah I was so surprised by I forgot her
name of the movie and I forgot her name
of real-life she was the sister Oh
Cherie if she would t-shirt right yeah
it was so surprising to me I left that
movie like being like how do I become
friends yeah she's cool where can i
watch other stuff of her have you seen
her in Black Mirror final episode of the
newest season she's excellent in that
episode whoa wait what up service black
Museum the one really yeah I haven't
know I even watch it always so good it's
actually I mean here's the thing it's
it's a it's controversial I mean people
don't hate it
no one hits it but people are like is it
the best I would say well what are your
thoughts on and give me like the premise
okay well the premiere like I'm assuming
it's it's dressy so it's basically like
her character like has to fit let's just
to charge her car in the future and so
like it takes like two hours and she's
out in the desert so she's like okay
well I guess I'll wander over to this
museum she goes in and it's like this
weird like sort of compilation episode
of like different black mirror things so
it's just like here like there's a lot
of like Easter eggs about other episodes
you've already seen so it's like really
cool but it's like the stuff that yeah
and it's like
three small stories but then it like all
gets wrapped up and she's not who she
says she is and it's like good like it's
one of those episodes where at the end
you actually feel good
besides the one where the person just
murders everyone yeah oh my gosh that
one really hurt my like Oh crocodile
that's thorn yeah yeah I like to hang
the DJ but also I felt good being I
liked so yeah that was really good
honestly I felt so torn apart when when
the couple was apart yeah yeah I'm like
this is my wife I'm stuck in the city
yeah yeah anyways we'll stop ruining
black mare thank you guys but early on
really I think as a person he's a writer
man you know developing shows and stuff
that is that kind of like a North Star I
use yeah which i think is interesting
because as like recent as five years ago
people don't like oh you want something
on Netflix and now it's like yes you
absolutely what's about the first forget
HGTV's or HBO right or well HBO has good
yeah
Game of Thrones happy beat yeah I
literally cannot uh think of all real TV
networks to get that long it's been that
way TV yeah Showtime each one ABC I feel
like I've been I've had a taste of this
but once you get into filmmaking or you
have a spotlight on you in some way
somehow you end up in a conference room
and freaking like really talking to
execs about pitching a show and it's
always like a talking point at a party -
yes and at some point like we get it yes
everyone's in this right everyone's
drink - Mitch TV's you know everybody
wants it
yeah but I had a realization once like
paperwork started getting I like this is
terrible like there's so many in terms
of like mainstream TV there's so many
things to it where you're giving over
your life yeah for literally nothing
yeah and then you're pursuing something
that
I believe is on its way down yeah in
terms of traditional bright TV so now
you look at these Netflix Amazon HBO
Amazon there's so much opportunity out
there for content creators I think it is
the coolest time to be alive yeah if you
have a story to tell I agree so is that
yeah like what's what do you what what
is the what's the endgame yeah what is
it is very stirring I think ISA is the
coolest as he's so cool I got ya she's
dope I mean I think that like yeah like
she and she's at YouTube it was HP yeah
it's you know and then you know jay-z
music video with Beyonce it's fine
jealous of everyone but like yes she's
great I feel like like the time period
when she was coming up with like Lena
Dunham who had written and like starred
in her own show and Rachel bloom who
does crazy ex-girlfriend like there's
just as cool resurgence of people in
like I mean you know in the middle of my
sentence I'll just back up but like
Rachel bloom has a great YouTube channel
that like no one was about she makes
these amazing and she posts crazy
ex-girlfriend clips on that YouTube
channel yeah and there's like a whole
catalogue of different stuff in those
old music videos that are still good
like oh my god I steal pets look it up
it's funny it's so funny like she you
could see all of the bones of what she
was going to make one day and so yeah I
mean I want to do that I want to write
movies I don't know if I want to be in
the movies but I would love to write
them I like love romantic comedies and I
feel like the reason why they've sort of
died is because you know the Internet's
here and we like we want realism yeah we
want like yeah and like our love stories
are a little bit different where it's
like you know if it involves the
internet for most of it like how do you
make the internet compelling on-screen
right like it I think that there's a lot
of stuff that like hasn't been
discovered yet that like I hope to do in
my shows yeah but I think that like
people are just struggling to tell those
stories and I think it's I think it's
it's gonna come back but like those
Netflix is is like you know Amazon like
those are the places where people who
don't necessarily have they don't know
people in Hollywood they're not you know
related to someone they haven't written
on 20 shows but they have like a strong
voice and people love their content you
know those are the people who get a
break there
I feel like Netflix is great because
you'll watch anything like people just
want stuff to watch and it's like I'm
happy to keep watching a little buzz
start yes you know that's when I
remember the first time I ever heard
about stranger things yeah friend and I
hadn't heard like the internet wasn't
talking it was just me I'm telling you
yeah I'm like that's the one thing I'm a
hipster about is do you think do it
maybe maybe go all the way but as I
follow you on twitter you know like I
was so when it came out not super
interesting story but I was recovering
from like a liver surgery thing so just
on the couch my mom was sitting there
and I was like there's this new show you
want to watch it we watched all of it
and like I was tweeting all day I'm like
the soundtracks amazing this show so
good I got two likes three months later
it was the biggest show and I'm like you
guys are sleeping it's all you it was me
you know really bumpy Brown you could
say thank you
she's never gonna thank me and that's
family you don't know what your future
holds me do meet her one day she'll be
like you're gonna ride the next hit yes
you know I like to think so you guys
will be in it as 11 maybe it's just
range of things season 3 dream big yeah
so I don't have any experience with
scripted content yeah I hate writing
yeah I understand it I want you to know
that everyone hates writing like even
people who really it is isolating it is
tedious the thoughts come faster than
like your fingers can write it you're
just like what am i doing like what why
can't my brain just make a movie so no I
want to I want to talk about that Tarina
those people out there who they're stuck
with a pen and a blank piece of paper
what let's start with just like what is
your process like because you just wrote
a book yeah okay
well so how how long was it from the
start of I want to write a book to
actually sitting down like having a
first draft yeah oh it was very long
time my editor would have been happy to
have it maybe 2 years ago but also you
know my internet presence has risen
astronomically symptoms so I think
they're fine they're chillin yeah but
like yeah it was mostly just like you
know having a lot of meetings and being
like what is what's your story and
it's so funny when you are confident
about what you want to write about but
then you sit down to do it and then
you're like am i interesting or any of
my stories funny like why did I think
that I could tell these stories and
people would care it's self-doubt yeah
it's like it gets runs deep especially
when you're like in a dark room by
yourself with a blanket like it is sad
it gets real bleak there are lots of
crumbs on my couch yeah but there's
crumbs exactly it's right that's right
if there's heat there's a fire Oh - well
yeah I think what it really comes down
to is like the I really found my footing
in the past like three months with
finishing it up like I went from like
very slowly like starting a chapter and
walking away for a month so being like I
just need to finish this like what am I
waiting for in the way that I kind of
got over that hurdle and it's still a
herd of like the first half an hour is
me staring at those like Google Doc and
be like I could fake my own death
they're not getting the money back I'm
gonna fake my own death you decide you
can't do that
it's not fiscally responsible take care
of this then you realize all you have to
do is write and like don't judge what
you're writing like I have an editor I'm
sure like I've got some notes bad like
sometimes in work senses than I would
like but like just get the words out
because they're not gonna want to sell a
book that sucks you're not gonna like
stand for it but the act of writing it
like once you have it out then you're
like okay this is what I don't like
about it like it's a lot easier to write
a book after you've written a book you
know so let's just write it mm-hmm
that's good that's good
I mean how so did it take three years
four years I think let's see I would
have been twenty-fifth any do in
mathematics inan like September so
coming up on three years but yeah like I
mean in my defense I was like I had that
surgery so I was like kind of out for a
while and it's funny when you have like
a weird major surgery you the things
that you cared about kind of changed in
a lot of ways and
I feel like a lot of the stuff that I've
written up until that point I got rid of
like I just was like well that's not
relevant like it's not how I feel
anymore because you think about life
differently when you oh no I'm sick like
yeah was that surgery kind of like life
or death serious I mean how serious was
so I mean I'll give you cliff notes cuz
like you know but it basically I had
like a liver tumor that Lisbon I and it
wasn't cancer but it was like huge and
so I just kept getting sicker and sicker
like the symptoms were anything from
like just completely theurgy to like
like weird tingles and rashes and like
then I like had like an embolism one
time so I feel like rushed to the
hospital like it was it just kept
progressing in that way and so it was a
lot of going in and out of just
hospitals because they're like you're
young it's a major surgery you don't
want to do it like there's got to be
something we can do it's benign you'll
be fine
and I was finally like I can't live like
this like I'm not working because every
other day I'm in the hospital and then
you keep me here for a week like it's
just too much and so in that time it was
just like it felt life or death like I I
don't know if I was ever going to die
but my health was deteriorating for a
long time and so it's just like and it
disrupts everything yeah and it can
happen so randomly like I mean this
isn't my story to tell but Hannah Witton
has been very open about having like a
lot of stomach issues and then having
they get a stoma recently and like
having her colon removed and I just like
seeing the change in our content I'm
like I relate to this so hard where it's
like it's hard to care about like things
that don't seem super important after
something like that but like it's not
that I don't enjoy things anymore but
it's like I want to make something I
want to be good you know and I want to
talk about things that I think will
matter to me in five months and six
months in a year so you know it does it
always feels like the end of the world
especially during times like that yeah I
mean and so it's kind of like okay how
can you have this moments in your life
quite regularly where you're not having
a grasp yeah but you're having those
self realizations right like I'm a
unique person you only have one life to
live what do I want to put out there
that's worth putting out there right and
it's hard because in this bait world you
live in it's very easy to get into
frivolous things yeah but just
really don't matter yeah and I think
it's yeah I mean it's like I guess one
of my critiques of like so much content
being on earth like I love it when I
love it but like when it's just filler
you're like no but it's just like I
think if everyone had the sort of
mandate that I think that you and Casey
and other people who are putting out
regular content but it's like it's at a
higher quality you know that you're at
look at it we have multiple it's like
you realize the value of your time and
what you're putting out into the world
because it's not unlimited you know like
I'm sure you would love to have an extra
10 hours a day but I I don't know I
think that that really came into focus
for me and so that's that's what I'm
trying to focus on now was like just
make the best thing that's good and
something that I'm trying to be better
at is putting structure on the things
that I've been doing for a while like I
love YouTube I'm always going to be
YouTube yeah it's fun yeah sometimes
it's not fun but just creating more of a
structure around it to where it's just
not your entire life right because once
something becomes your job yes sometimes
it is a little mundane sometimes you do
want to go out and like try something
different
yeah and YouTube can become your
entirely right but I feel like that's
something you've been good about yeah is
kind of just being yourself in other
places yeah and recently you did a tour
yeah it's like a podcast I didn't talk
about it yeah so I don't know if you all
are familiar with cricked media but they
do pod save America pods in the world
they're like top 10 every week yeah
they're incredible I I love those guys I
feel like they just they're like so cool
like it's just what I'm like being
around he makes me feel like I'm part of
the kooky all right I'm wearing again
every time to the people just listening
to audio that's hitting her please
explain the gorgeous leggings thank you
they were on sale online and they are
workout leggings they
there's for me they are fashion like
yeah splashes of pink and white purple I
was just working it I look like a
superhero but I didn't leave my couch
most of the day so positive America yes
they're elated at work they did a tour
and it was specifically for love it or
leave it which is Jon Lovitz podcasts
he's one of the three guys who regularly
do pots of America though and so he just
asked he's like do you want to go on
like a West Coast tour with us and I'm
like yeah so we started in Portland and
then we went to Seattle and then we were
in San Francisco and I had been to
Portland in Seattle but just like not
for a long time and then I'd never been
in San Francisco but it was great and I
think live shows for podcasts or like
you know I'm not pressuring you but I
think that we go weekly live show whoa
that's Nibiru
I've never my extent with live stuff is
um eighth grade theater hey when I was
in a play hey I was the town fool no not
a princess not a town person how about
the fool exactly at least you can juggle
I can't
and it's shameful it's like two things
this to my one is honestly and it's I'm
very proud of it but in elementary
school we had stations in gym and
juggling was one of the station's I took
it so seriously and so you would start
with the like wispy handkerchief yeah so
you have a little bit more time that and
then you would learn how to juggle with
bean bags and then tennis balls so they
low-key trained up an entire class
students of jugglers yeah like you all
actually it might have been a clown
economy academy you didn't know you know
but what would you do on the tour yeah
um so I was just like his guest host
there at the whole way so he's really
great at hosting and he always has a
panel of three people and so I was just
one of the panel and every stop it was
like I mean just really impressive
people who I don't know I think that
something was really exciting and
something that's exciting about you too
but
odd cast and everything is that it's it
doesn't have to be in New York or LA
like there is the opportunity of being
interesting and great and having a full
life in like wherever I don't know I
think that for a long time I didn't know
that that was possible and being in some
place like Seattle where people are like
I'm on the cover of like the Seattle
magazine and like everybody in the
audience is like screaming for me and
I'm a big deal here I'm like that's
awesome like I I don't know I think a
lot of places are neglected
what's that was cool and also just like
yeah he's got crazy fans like he they
love him they have like like it's like a
Rocky Horror like they like have call
lines they know what to say they wear
the merch to the show I'm like this is
great that's so cool and I think that is
true for whatever you're doing in life
if you're doing something creative I
think there's so many niches out there
that you can really be a part of and
champion you don't have to have a
million subscribers on YouTube - I
definitely know here living YouTube can
wear sweatpants to be successful it's
all possible
164 but that's something I do want to
talk about that is I feel like you do
the most with what you have yeah and you
make a dope living off yeah you know and
so you have found your things you've
found your niche and you are thriving
yeah so talked about a little bit
because we haven't actually talked about
your YouTube channel yeah just talking
about some of the stuff that you do make
what topics you cover him and yeah first
talk about that and then oh no worries
so my youtube channel sort of runs the
gamut it's a lot of sketch comedy and
then a lot of social commentary which
like you know take it or leave it
I know we all all have a lot of the same
opinions yeah well social commentary on
YouTube is very hard yeah cuz Twitter
you're in your bubble yeah oh yeah you
too yeah oh no is it's rare did I leave
the planet exactly like where are we why
are you so mean but yeah so I do a lot
of that stuff I talk about like being in
my 20s and dating and being in New York
and like I don't know being bad at
things or being good at things and all
that stuff I pretty sure I just quote
perfectly my like channels you're
welcome yeah I do that stuff and um yeah
my like I feel like my YouTube I am this
weird anomaly on the platform or like
people are always like she's gotta get
more subscribers and like post more
consistently I'm like that's how you
make the money and I'm like I think it
really does come down to like being good
at what you're good at like I don't
think I'm ever gonna have a million
subscribers and like that's us away on
me at all like scream yeah
honestly I and like this sounds like a
hater thing to say so let me just like
preface I'm not being a hater like if
you have millions of subscribers I'm
happy for you like I truly am like Casey
like I'm not stomping on the floor like
you're fine I just feel like though that
like a lot of it a lot of people I know
who have millions subscribers feel and
like they would never say this on the
things that they're making but a lot of
them feel like they've sold their soul
for that number you know what I mean
we're like they have to they're beholden
to the audience has to make certain
types of comes right they can never
branch out because it won't do well and
if it doesn't do well they can't make
money and so it's like you know that is
a real fear is like being pigeon-holed I
have I'm the least decisive person I've
like every month I'm like what change of
the team like I mean I just got
Instagram theme but like everything else
in my life I'm like where does he do
something different and a lot of times
it just flops like I tried to do New
York vlogging last year like I tried to
do a video every week that was like me
out and about doing something
specifically New York and like just
wasn't what people wanted from me and so
I feel like I've found this weird space
where it's like as long as I'm being
honest and like my opinionated self
people get it and like the people who
love it love it and that's all that
really matters and honestly I get really
good brand deals yeah that's way more
money I'm chillin like yeah and I think
there's this weird thing with YouTube
and making videos where when you tell
someone else that you're a youtuber or
you do YouTube or you know you say
whatever I mean when you get an uber
yeah and they ask you what you do what
do you say I always say I do a lot of
things because I used to say I do
YouTube and one time I met a guy first
question that people ask oh my god so
like you make money doing that
little entrepreneurs yeah and you end up
giving them an entire like consultation
exactly I'm like marketing yeah human
stuff these things I'm like this is how
you make a living on YouTube I brought
you a packet yeah so you just passed my
house I guess I can walk the extra steps
but fine yeah it's like it there is this
whole it's funny how like I think people
are so interested in YouTube and it like
does seem like this enigma and people
want to be a part of it but it seems
like every year people are like it's too
late to get the YouTube and then like a
year later there's new people they're
still the Peter mckennon's right people
just show up and like drive and I'm I
think that that's really cool but like
for me I'm just I don't know what are we
okay so making money on you yeah it's
just this weird thing and I had a lot of
people think there's only one way
exactly and honestly a lot of people at
the top who've been doing it and have
been getting crazy numbers sometimes
they find themselves at the mercy of
Google yeah and their only income is
Adsense yeah if you're not aware of that
it's just you know the pre-roll ads they
play in the video you're gonna cut
Google gets cut and when you find
yourself yes and your only stream is
from YouTube that is up and down
honestly they have no idea what they're
doing
I feel like 50% of the time it really
does make you a slave to the platform
right and so I think something that both
of us have found is okay we make good
videos so we can have that direction
behind the camera it can be the
on-camera talent yes and we can make
things happen to where if we weren't the
on-camera personality we might still get
hired to make like a recap video exactly
so we have those combined things and
it's we've kind of found this route of
own companies now want everything in one
pack yes absolutely they want the video
they want the on-camera person yeah they
want a really good photo of it they want
that Instagram and then they want the
distribution and now we can go to people
and even you know maybe we don't have
the craziest number yes
but 20 30 40 thousand views
on a recap video of a filmed us yeah
it's way more yeah and what they would
get posting on their face exactly right
exactly right I think that you know the
value people need to understand that the
value isn't always in the numbers like
those numbers I mean I don't I know
people who have way more subscribers
than me who are struggling and I'm like
that's because you know the platform is
tumultuous and you never know like week
to week they're like we change the
algorithm so now kids don't see your
videos that's why I exactly yeah it's
just like yeah you have to diversify
your income you have to be smart like I
think that there's you know it's very
romantic to think like I'll just gonna
go on YouTube and make a bunch of money
but I'm like yeah there were people on
vine who were very funny and great who
didn't jump to YouTube and the people
who did jump to YouTube had 10 million
subscribers automatically some people
who didn't are doing nothing yeah and
you have to be very aware of the climate
and when you're so dependent on one
thing it's dangerous and it's scary
right and you know if YouTube was not
existent tomorrow I think we would still
find a way to make good videos oh well
who need them and in terms of companies
people who have products I think a lot
of companies are just looking for people
that have a good personality they can
tell a story they can connect with an
audience and also can make a video and
once you have that they can post like
maybe you only have a thousand followers
on Facebook you could post that video to
your Facebook write that company can put
like about you know five thousand
dollars ad spend and they could sell
like five hundred thousand dollars
exactly which they like never would have
done but so it is a brave new world
there are so many ways to market and get
your product out and as a content
creator I still feel like it is like the
Golden Age yes oh yeah I think I mean I
think that this is such a cool time like
Hollywood but has been a thing since
1915 like that was the first huge
feature film so I feel like yeah it's
bright it's about time to get a little
disruptive exactly yes it's time and
also like give up yeah we should give
the platform time like the fact that we
think that it should be at a level at
Hollywood is it's like I mean they had
100-year head stuff that's a good boy we
weren't alive when they
good point though oh and having that
patience yeah what do you think about
now mainstream stars coming on the
platform have you been watching Will
Smith long I mean I haven't seen his
vlogs but I haven't want to give
instagrams okay he's great he's I mean I
think that that's the thing like there
are some celebrities who could have just
like aged out and like fallen off by the
wayside because that's just the way it
used to be like once the Hollywood
doesn't think you're desirable they get
rid of you and now it's like oh like I
don't know if Will Smith is like I don't
really see his movies anymore in that
for any specific reason like I'm sure
he's gay but like it's being able to see
a personality side it's like oh yeah I
remember why I like this guy
he's so great and I think he's a rare
person who's in Hollywood who actually
feels like they can be authentic on
camera and that's why it's so good to
watch because there are a lot of people
who are trying right now I'm like oh
yeah you're like it's time to sell me a
commercial right now and I want to like
hang out with you exactly and that's
what's so cool about these platforms is
you have that feeling that you're their
friend yes and I think Reese Witherspoon
started stuff and it's it's just getting
more and more and half of me is like
this is ours step back but I'm like I
never hated my nose until it's really
worried you know the too beautiful but
the best part about these platforms is
you get to be authentic yeah so I think
the celebrities who can do that and be
humble enough yes to start a YouTube
channel with zero subscribers I think
that's the hardest thing is they're used
to everyone knowing who they are having
everyone's support having those numbers
but then when it comes to social media
Oh Reese Witherspoon starts a YouTube
channel and a you know an interview with
Oprah has like four thousand views yeah
what yeah so you have to believe I got
Oprah on my channel come on yeah yeah
yeah so you have to be like humble
enough and aware enough to like
understand okay this is a different
ballgame
what do I need to do to be successful in
this and be able to like start at zero
yeah to the people out there who are
starting at zero not the Reese
Witherspoon's but you know the
people who maybe watch our videos were
fans and I think we attract a creative
audience yeah so there's probably that
yearning of I want to direct that
Hollywood move here I want to start that
YouTube channel but they're kind of at
where you were maybe like starting in
college yes where they had these hopes
and dreams but they didn't know how to
achieve you have no idea yeah I mean
what's maybe like an antidote or some
advice that you would give them okay so
here's my biggest advice and people hate
it so if you're prepared to get mad I'm
ready
my advice is make a hundred videos Wow
and like don't even care about the
numbers but like you're not gonna make
anything that feels like you it I didn't
make a video that felt like something
that I really believed like there are a
few things I thought were funny and like
hokey and goofy but like not something
that felt like this is me and like when
I put it out and proud of it and like
people get it on a different level than
just like ha she made a joke until I
made like 113 videos and I honestly
believe it takes making videos and
failing and having things that you don't
like and having people leave comments
like you have to just build a backbone
of like you know what it has to be for
me and it's definitely for you after a
hundred videos you know to me I'm like
that's so good it's I feel like after
you know the first five like oh the boys
anybody like it and then buy a hundred
you like who cares and you have to have
that determination to stick it out yeah
because a lot of people believe the
overnight success there which is Vegas
it's not and I think that's what's so
cool about YouTube or other platforms is
you really do see the journey
if you leave your videos in public I
definitely I still have them you can
still see all my crap man it's bad
there's one that's literally 30 seconds
long where I'm just like I wish someone
would come crack my back like this one
where I decide my hair and I'm like it's
flat out and I'm like in college and I
look so skinny and weird like it's such
a weird time I'm like yeah these don't
have to just but like I'm gonna it shows
the journey and I think that's something
that's really powerful if you're young
ish yeah and you're in high school or
maybe even middle school the one thing
that you do have
that you probably don't think you have
his time yes I pray yes I took the AP
classes guys I was in basketball I
certainly wasn't on the basketball team
but go ahead you know I was at like
church band practice for like four days
out of the week I know what high school
business like you feel like the world is
over yeah however you don't have to pay
for a roof over your head hopefully
there's some people who have to hustle
like no other respects exactly my expect
yeah you know there's food on the table
as a roof over your head you don't have
to pay for insurance yes you have time
yes and that is the time to do
everything I mean that's why I was so
busy is because I would do things and I
love it but it wouldn't really click
yeah I would do basketball awesome give
it my all go to all the camps do all the
things but any of those like this isn't
it yeah I'm not gonna be in the WNBA
then it was music and it's video and
because I was just like so about each
thing yeah I feel like it expedited what
my true passions were oh for sure like I
I mean I feel like I fell into YouTube
because I was just like I was trying a
bunch of stuff I was always bored like
you know being young you're like oh yeah
I'm the Internet school and back then
like everything was new on the internet
like if there was never a time where
you're like I've seen this meme like
every meme was new so like I mean the
one where I mean it was like real I mean
jeez those are lyrics I'm like you gotta
base let's just get into it
um so deep but like yeah but I remember
it took like I had a friend who was a in
in college she was majoring in art and
so one of her projects was photography
so she got this really nice camera and I
remember just being like let's just take
pictures all the time like let's just do
stuff so then we had the best pictures
on my face like we were killing it they
were like how are you taking these
photos and then it was just like oh
these cameras also like the Nikon d80 or
whatever like it'll do video like it was
such a different time but like we just
got to experiment and stuff like I
remember I've recorded a video during
finals where I was like 3 a.m. and I was
like I'm just gonna like lip-synch to
this side like you know what I mean that
I think everyone has a lip-syncing
period yeah
honestly that was a big part of YouTube
that was the first like video I thought
he was on myspace like that linked to my
hmm when they were splitting in the rest
of my space that's how I first
discovered like testify yes she was so
many yeah and that was such a I think
like good catalyst into the video world
for a lot of us it was this a weird
correlation with like music and video
that I know hooked me oh yeah that was
the beginning I remember like every I
mean like this old stuff I use to watch
I used to love Garfunkel and Oates where
like they would just have like a guitar
- ukulele and just like have the
craziest song that they just decided to
write and just recorded like on their
couch with a webcam you see them turn it
on and it's remember thinking like I
wish I had a webcam good enough to turn
it off
yeah yeah like I was just inspired
because it's like these are just regular
people doing a thing and now you know
they're on Comedy Central they have
their own movies and shows and I just I
feel like that was there was a specific
time on YouTube and I don't think it's
gone but there is a spirit of creation
but I feel like people were less worried
about the numbers because it was just
like people wanted to share what was
funniest people wanted to share was the
best like we didn't have fans so much as
like oh my gosh did you see this crazy
video from like you know SNL that got
posted last night about I don't know
like I'm on a boat you know what I mean
like those sorts of things it almost
seemed like things would go way more
viral today because I guess there was
much yes yeah that was more organic yeah
do you think that it has shifted more
towards like traditional media in terms
of Oh everyone's channel is a TV show no
I think that it's I mean I don't know
that it's necessarily bad but I do think
that like the cult of personality has
really changed on YouTube or it was like
before it's like yeah okay you like this
person cuz they do the specific thing
and they're like interesting and funny
but now it's like if you don't like this
person like f you like he's my favorite
blogger and it's like whoa I never would
have fought somebody about Tyler with
you like I love Tyler Oakley but I never
would have been like what you say about
you didn't like people take it to this
whole extra level now and I'm like wow
like I just like I I find it funny
because since we like interact with
these people like regularly like it just
feels bizarre to see the most celebrity
it's like I still have a heart
time being like oh it's all the same
like it's just it's not to me yeah and
there's so much drama yeah it's so yes
like and yeah even you have found
yourself in the midst of drama always
and and I'm not even like I mean you
know people who are in John we're always
like I'm not like I'm not least
traumatic person I'm like maybe I'm a
little dramatic I can admit I'm a little
dramatic I have strong opinions
I've also doing these clubs now for the
people who are listening you can't see
them but they look like clubs
I just I think though that like yeah
it's the kind of thing where people it's
the same thing about it's like reality
TV that's the only way and I'm gonna say
this better it's like reality TV in that
a lot of times people are watching it
because the drama is so much more than
the regular life like if you're a heavy
I mean like if you're in school maybe
have a fight with like an individual and
it feels really big but it's like oh I
can watch with my friends somebody like
it's not kind of right like it there's
something about YouTube where it's like
now we can all talk about it and we can
make fun of it and we can or like we can
feel better about ourselves about it or
we can be like taking sides like there
it just feels it feels interactive and
that way I don't know it's hard to
describe it's like I think that YouTube
didn't used to be that like it almost
felt like you're talking to people more
directly now like those conversations
are happening more one-on-one versus
around the subject so it's like I can't
even make this make sense this is such a
like who we are getting there I don't
know if it's gonna be this podcast I
figured out I know in the arena yeah
it's this thing that is hard yeah it's
hard to do it really is but like a
triple axel how do you describe it yeah
and I think also that people read way
into things
oh yeah and from the creators
perspective I think we give so much
weight
yeah to things that we shouldn't
absolutely not yeah you're in terms of
comments and things where comments hurt
they can like I
my biggest like the my biggest
frustration is feeling misunderstood and
if a comment totally misses the point of
something I'm doing
I'd like can't stop thinking about it
like I'm like how dare you like that and
it's and it's so hard because the truth
of it is that person probably doesn't
even remember that comment day mm-hmm
they would never say that to your face
but it's so hard to separate comments on
YouTube and reality yeah and something
that I recently had to come to terms
with as well with the algorithm and
everything is realizing that I always
have a new audience yes I like there's
going to be a solid maybe ten or twenty
thousand people that watch my videos for
ten years are gonna stick with me but if
you think about it you don't what you
watch a show maybe for three years yeah
I'm done yeah and it's this weird thing
oh man wait what do you mean this person
who watched me for years no longer yeah
and you have to continually evolve and
change for this new audience yes and you
have to keep reintroducing yourself and
telling your story and I think that's
how you continue to grow when you
realize oh I'm not appealing to the same
audience I can't get comfortable right
we're just scary that's very true that's
so true I mean like being in videos with
you or being in videos with Casey I've
like I always get like a little nervous
really because I'm like all of these new
people are gonna come and if they like
now they have to get to know me yeah and
I don't I mean I like their I think as
an individual one on one when I'm just
like being myself it's like it's just
different it's different than what I'm
doing all the time and so there is this
feeling what's like oh what if they like
they like they would if they met me they
would like me but if they saw my channel
they'd be like I don't know she doesn't
do what I want yeah and it's you're
they're taking a snapshot of someone
without understanding you know where
they came from who they are why do they
do what they do
yeah and so I think that's something
that as a viewer to be mine yeah but
also as a creator sometimes you just got
like dust at all yeah literally like
every time I'm like oh here we go
half the comments like he's good like
her laugh is so great and then the other
comments are like I hate her
you go to our channel she said one thing
once and I'm in like 1996 and I still
hate it for that like please stop
commenting why are you following me
everywhere well I will I will say and
the day and age of I mean things are
crazy you know and it's almost like
something that I just do not like is if
someone has a different opinion yeah
it's like they've committed a crime yes
there's no there's no gray area there's
no area that exists where you can like
if you were talking to a person in real
life about something controversial
politics or something you'd sit down
with them you would try to deploy some
empathy and basically why do you believe
not and like what makes you you know I'm
from Texas
yeah we love our guns yeah but then
being in the lib bubble that yeah York
it's like okay wait how can I hear other
people sorry but that makes sense yeah
okay okay Wow right I'm in this weird
middle ground this is new this is
exciting but that doesn't exist
something ya know in that region like
that's the mistake I always make is
thinking like I'm gonna have a nuanced
conversation with this fine gentleman
and then like oh he just called me the
n-word again like yeah please like I
just I I fall for it because like people
always lead with like I don't know if I
believe this I'm like oh wow you're not
screaming in all cast what happen like
just kidding okay I hate it here I'm
just like like if you share your honest
opinion on the internet I would honestly
say don't read the comments yes but I
will say to that what you do cuz you do
share your honest opinion what and
sometimes it stirs people up but at the
same time it does create a conversation
yeah that's what Beyonce says you know
you that bit when you cause all this
conversation yeah exactly
and so it is powerful if maybe you have
a different opinion than someone but
stating it you starts that conversation
and hopefully we can come to a time
where it can actually be a conversation
and it's not just yelling yeah yeah yeah
to my like my honest feeling and like
here we go
maybe its controversial but like
political correctness people hate it
right they're like
I just feel like we can't say what we
mean and I'm like maybe but I think
political correctness exists because you
don't want get punched in the face so
like if I want to like if we have a
different opinion on anything right no
I'm sure we do
they're late we're humans yeah like - so
as not to get punched in the face I
would not say something really offensive
to you but I can still hear you and so
it's like that's the point of it it's
not to censor you so much as like it's
you know you can you can take that punch
you know can your face take the punch I
don't know like I'm not gonna stop
anybody if they want to start swinging
yeah yeah yeah so what have you been
following along with the craze of Jordan
Peterson oh so he so he's been on hdhd
podcast and stuff he Joe Rogan I mean
like was this um professor mm-hmm who is
in Canada but he really kind of had this
like claim to fame when he did this like
news interview with this chick who was
basically commenting on something about
what like trans people want to be called
and he he said something that was a
controversial I don't know yeah but
basically the whole thing was her entire
angle of it was just her saying well so
what you mean by that is this this and
then he had to it come back well you're
putting words my mouth right no and so
it was like this whole thing kind of
like blew up and so he's kind of become
this like like political class and stuff
and blah blah and it's been really
really interesting to follow I would be
curious what your opinion yes so maybe
we can when your book comes out yes we
can have another black house talk about
your book and talk about Jordan Peter
yes he's an interesting person to follow
right now but yeah to wrap things up
what creatively excites you right now
oh okay so maybe a popular opinion I
live for music videos oh the thing
people wouldn't like expect about me but
that's where I get all of my inspiration
on YouTube like I like watching videos
and I like the people I have subscribed
to but if you two
could do one thing for me personally it
would be are you listening you to
recommend more music videos from like
people I've never heard of because the
way to get noticed in the music industry
is like visually now and I found so many
people who have great songs but the
videos are so much better than the songs
that I'm like why don't we do this like
why aren't we like what I want to
experience and I want to experiment and
I want to do all of these things like it
just seems so it like I feel like that's
one part of the internet that hasn't
gotten stale for me it seems like
hearing new music and then watching
amazing visuals that I'm like that's
creative is yeah what's a super cool my
favorite okay I literally have a
playlist but my favorite one my favorite
artist who has the best music videos her
name is petite Mellor
in dll er she's French she doesn't sing
in French so she sings in English but
her videos are so colorful they're the
best locations that most people would
never think to go to like the Balkans or
like to like the giraffe Manor in Africa
we're like the giraffes come in the
window and they like drink out of your
teacup like it's they are so stunning
the shots are so beautiful I've like
been inspired I've used some of the
shots before in my videos because I'm
like that's incredible like she's
killing it I wish she would put out more
videos honestly and I want to work with
her DP I think they're just so talented
but like that's the kind of skill he was
gonna direct a music video my eight
dreams I would love to direct music
video that's like a cool Beyonce yes you
the first I mean you know honestly yeah
aim high first person Beyonce second
person so I feel like you wouldn't run
out of yeah that's cool this I like
secretly want to drop like a like an
album like I've never written music I
like I just got a piano today oh my gosh
I forgot to ask you about that you had a
legit peon yeah where someone had to
deliver it to your home yeah I would
just like to comment if you can put a
piano a real piano in New York City
apartment you've made it yes so
congratula I honestly do feel like it
like I've been sitting on the couch like
watching March Madness writing and just
looking at the piano like not playing it
but just be like that's
I played in college and then I like gave
up so I'm like I'm trying to get back
into it I'm trying to like find other
hobbies that require a lot of time and
focus because then I just would feel
like I'm still being productive outside
isn't it weird with music and playing
instruments that when you grow up and
you feel like you can't do anything you
kind of just drop it
yes I I you know I play guitar for over
ten years and I just don't play anymore
because like oh it's not my job I don't
want to be like Taylor Swift's power
player anymore so what's the point yeah
it was like I enjoyed it yeah it was so
much and maybe you'll read a pop album
be Donna Glover yeah I'll be don't go
down we can be together I love it so you
know we've we've been needing to
collaborate on YouTube yes I say yes we
come together we make a sick like rap
song yes and we make the most gorgeous
music videos what we get your boy Tim
yes he'll we you know he we got this
having three like creative minds behind
I don't know why slap the microphone so
you heard that also your if you're
listening it's because I'm doing weird
finger movements I do a lot of weird
gestures okay see you make me feel okay
about I'm a very physical yeah and
things and just my poor anyone who's
around me especially my boyfriend if
he's telling like a funny story or
something yes it's almost like he has to
like oh don't punch me because he knows
like oh yeah yes a very physical person
things like that you know okay so we're
gonna do a rap music video yes
or it could be poppy yeah just my only
experiences with rap music yeah yes it's
how I started that's why I cut my teeth
was when I was like in NWA I know
have you watched the Defiant ones yes it
is so inspiring
yo what a great idea for a series on it
okay wait have you watched abstract on
Netflix yes
oh so you watch all of them okay my
favorite one was the architecture oh
wait the one when he like was building
stuff or the lady who does the sets on
stage not that one
the dude or all the b-roll shots really
come falling on a trampoline or so yeah
the one yeah he like builds like all
these very unique buildings like yeah
and there's one in New York City on the
West Side Highway it's like the triangle
one and it's affordable housing what is
thunk it's like one of the coolest
buildings on the West Side Highway
love apps tree so if you haven't checked
out AB strap on Netflix and then the
Defiant ones that's on HBO yeah it's the
story
it's dr. Dre's and Jimmy Iovine
story interwoven which so so compelling
literally like endlessly watchable I was
like I'm not gonna like this and I was
like I was so into it because I loved
the music industry and the ins and outs
and so Jimmy Iovine he's he's done so
many things but he kind of was Draves
write him man towards the end of his
well far after the NW anything but then
making dre beats together you know he
was Interscope Records dude he went on
and sold beats with Dre to a yes which
is hudes is insane
so my entire journey I want to like go
back some 19 like it's time to have I go
back to the 90s and tell dr. Dre I'm
like you gonna make so much money does
don't you give up today keep trying and
then maybe it would ruin his entire
trajectory you should meet me and people
yeah the best thing but it's a great
series go check out the the Defiant ones
I can't even talk we've actually been
talking for a long time yeah I'm like
maybe that's where this is great maybe
the key love it you know where can
people find you what are you working on
right now oh my gosh I'm working on so
many things
I just find us finish the pilot so the
summer there should be some work so I
feel like follow boys you finish I
finish the pilot I think I may have sold
it I may be like making it you know it's
always all up in the air and paper but
that's cool so I feel like follow my
Instagram and Twitter that's literally I
mean also YouTube like if you don't
subscribe to be on YouTube
Singh Kham / it's Akilah obviously
obviously yeah yeah yeah is just a
Dacula obviously in instagram is a
tequila h my theme is a peachy pink so
there you go I'm in the PGA Championship
and that's so cool thank you so much for
joining me here on the creative exchange
guys go check out akela if you're
watching this you can also listen to the
creative exchange on Apple podcast
Google Play overcast anywhere where you
can listen to podcasts and if you're
listening there's a YouTube channel so
if you want to see what our beautiful
faces look like you can check out the
show notes it's just youtube.com slash
the creative exchange and as always my
name is Sarah Deecee rhymes with peachy
you can just look me up
Sarah peachy Google me I'm there I'm so
many places through the internet it's
just exhausting right yeah until next
time guys keep creating okay by me